Almost Open Source
==================

   This is a shared message across most of my projects released under an Open
 Source license (mostly zlib  but in a few cases i have used other licenses,
 check for a LICENSE file, license.txt file or a comment block in the source
 code).  Unless otherwise noted in a project itself, this covers all the
 source code that you can download at my server at runtimeterror.com (note
 that this does not cover the webpage source itself, only downloadable source
 code in the form of an archive or direct repository access).

   While technically the projects are open source, they are not collaborative
 projects.  I do not mind people modifying them or forking them (i wouldn't
 release them under a license that permits this if that was the case) and i do
 hope that people will find them useful and report bugs about them, but at the
 same time i do not plan on accepting patches for these projects.  I prefer to
 keep things under my control and full ownership when it comes to copyrights.
 I would accept a copyright assignment, like the author of sqlite and fossil
 does, but it is too much of a hassle and considering the amount of code i have
 received over the years for my stuff, i do not think it is worth the effort.

   Of course if there is a small patch or issue that needs to be fixed, as long
 as there is an understanding that i will need to reimplement any patch you
 send (which implies, among others, that you should explain what the patch's
 code does and that the longer the code is, the less likely i will implement it)
 feel free to send it to me.  However i do not promise that i will actually
 implement it or that i will do it in the same way or provide the exact same
 functionality as your patch.  If i decide to use it, it will be as a source of
 inspiration and a point of reference for the feature or bugfix you need
 implemented.

   I understand that all this sound unncessary and too much of an effort, but
 i want to keep things simple in my projects.  My motivation for releasing the
 source code is to make using my projects easier, either as a whole or in bits,
 but this does not include collaborative effort.  If you prefer a more
 traditional open source collaborative project, feel free to fork one of mine
 that combines and accepts other people's contributions.

 Kostas "Bad Sector" Michalopoulos
 badsectoracula@gmail.com
 badsector@runtimeterror.com

